Add an initial README file (#3)
zephyrproject-rtos/pr-dashboard: README.md

# PR Dashboard

> This set of scripts produce a static HTML page with an overview of the PULL

Reviewer: hey thanks, copilot!

> This set of scripts produce a static HTML page with an overview of the PULL
> request involving a specific user, fetching data from multiple repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This set of scripts produce a static HTML page with an overview of the pull
requests involving a specific user, fetching data from multiple repositories
```

under a GitHub organization. It's been developed for the Zephyr project
specifically but it should be usable for any GitHub project.

## Script architecture

This is meant to be called periodically from a GitHub workflow and the output
served using GitHub pages. The basic workflow run as following:

- `update_zephyr_pr.py`: produces a list of repositories based on the west
  manifest and calls `update_pr.py` with the list. This step is optional, one
  could call `update_pr.py` with a static list of repositories directly.
- `update_pr.py`: fetches the pull request data using the GitHub APIs and dump
  the raw content into a big cache file that can be used by other scripts to
  read the data without having to query the GitHub APIs again.
- `crunch_data.py`: reads the raw data and produces a new set of files that are
  suitable for the dashboard UI to be used directly.

See the `.github/workflows/update.yaml` file for more details.

## Development and troubleshooting

Each of the scripts can run independently. `update_pr.py` can be called
directly, by default it only fetches a couple of fixed repositories.

> `crunch_data.py` can be ran using the cached data from the lasted data set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`crunch_data.py` can be run using the cached data from the latest data set
```
